SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 28 (#11408)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/controls/bulletdecorator.md

  
 The following illustration shows examples of controls that use a <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Primitives.BulletDecorator>.  
  

>  ![Screenshot showing three bullet decorators.](./media/bulletdecorator/three-bullet-decorators.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Example of a Checkbox, a RadioButton, and a TextBox bullet decorator.](./media/bulletdecorator/three-bullet-decorators.png)  
```
